Deprecate `getTestHostIpAddress` (#5149)
testcontainers/testcontainers-java: docs/modules/webdriver_containers.md

You can then use this driver instance like a regular WebDriver.

Note that, if you want to test a **web application running on the host machine** (the machine the JUnit tests are

> running on - which is quite likely), you'll need to use [the host exposing](../features/networking.md) feature of Testcontainers, e.g.:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
running on - which is quite likely), you'll need to use [the host port exposure](../features/networking.md) feature of Testcontainers, e.g.:
```
Not sure this is significantly better english, but maybe slightly.

Reviewer: Also:
```suggestion
running on - which is quite likely), you'll need to use [the host exposing](../features/networking.md#exposing-host-ports-to-the-container) feature of Testcontainers, e.g.:
```
